# mocp-theme-solarized by VitaÅ­t Bajaryn
# MOC theme for use with a solarized-dark terminal color scheme
# based on green theme by Jacek Lehmann

background           = default   default
frame                = black     default
window_title         = red       default
directory            = default   default
selected_directory   = red       default bold
playlist             = red       default
selected_playlist    = default   default bold
file                 = default   default
selected_file        = red       default
marked_file          = default   default bold
marked_selected_file = red       default bold
marked_info          = red       default
marked_selected_info = red       default
info                 = red       default
status               = red       default
title                = red       default
state                = default   default
current_time         = default   default
time_left            = red       default
total_time           = red       default
time_total_frames    = red       default bold
sound_parameters     = red       default
legend               = default   default
disabled             = default   default
enabled              = default   default bold
empty_mixer_bar      = red       default
filled_mixer_bar     = black     red
empty_time_bar       = default   default
filled_time_bar      = default   red
entry                = red       default
entry_title          = red       default
error                = red       default
message              = red       default
plist_time           = default   default bold
selected_info        = white     default

